# 6000+ Indian Food Recipes Dataset

Food Recipes Dataset generated by crawling archanaskitchen.com.

When I browsed for a Food Recipes (Especially Indian Food) Dataset, I could not find one (that I could use) online. So, I decided to create one.

The dataset has following fields (self-explanatory) - ['RecipeName', 'TranslatedRecipeName', 'Ingredients', 'TranslatedIngredients', 'Prep', 'Cook', 'Total', 'Servings', 'Cuisine', 'Course', 'Diet', 'Instructions', 'TranslatedInstructions']. The datset contains a csv and a xls file. Sometimes, the content in Hindi is not visible in the csv format.

You might be wondering what the columns with the prefix 'Translated' are. So, a lot of entries in the dataset were in Hindi language. To take care of such entries and translating them to English for consistency, I went ahead and used 'googletrans'. It is a python library that implements Google Translate API underneath.

The code for the crawler, cleaning and transformation is on my Github repository (@kanishk307).

The dataset has been created using Archana's Kitchen Website. It is a great website and hosts a ton of useful content. You should definitely consider viewing it if you are interested.

The dataset can be used to answer a lot of questions related to Food Recipes. You can see the explore the serving sizes, time required to prepare a dish, most common ingredients, different cuisines, diets, courses and what not. I hope this dataset helps the Analytics community.

https://www.kaggle.com/kanishk307/6000-indian-food-recipes-dataset
